Kickoffs-VanillaJS-Order_Tracker

Description:

Your tasked is to develop an Order Tracker application that allows users to track the status of their orders. The application should take an Order ID as input, search for the corresponding order details from a predefined dataset, and display the details if the order is found. The application should also provide functionality to reset the form.

Functionality:

On page load, the order details and messages should be hidden.
The Track button should be disabled until a valid Order ID (between 4 and 10 characters) is entered in the input field.
Upon entering a valid Order ID and clicking the Track button, the application should display the order details table if the order is found.
Display a message stating No Orders Found if the order is not found.
Hide other unnecessary elements.
The Reset button should clear the input field and hide all order details and messages.

Steps to do hands-on:

1. To install all the required packages. Open Terminal, go to /home/project folder, type “npm install".

2. To test the application: Open terminal go to /home/project folder, type as “npm test” or press Run Test Cases button.

3. Make sure to run the application before running test cases.
 
Important Note:

    To view the output, follow the below steps.
    1. Click on EYE icon which is on the top right to the editor.
    2. Under Ports, select 3000 port and then click on EXPOSE button.
    3. The newly added port should be visible on Available Port(s) tab.
    4. Click the copy icon to copy the exposed port's URL.
    5. Paste the copied URL in PROJECT/.env file as the value for PUBLIC_URL variable.
    7. Run the app using the command `` npm start `` in the terminal.
    6. Wait for few seconds for the server to start and finally to view the output, Press the Eye option again and press the preview button for 8000 port.
    - If the preview doesn't display the output, right click inside the preview window and click on reload frame option.